# Universally Unique Website Application Template

The goal of this project is usher in a new concept to web design, “Graphical Programming”. At first glance, the term might appear rather silly. The idea that someone with no concept of logic or programming can come along and create wondrous websites. Well, the whole reason this project came about was to, figuratively speaking, put the paintbrush back into the painter’s hand. Today, good websites are most commonly created through one of two ways. Through a website builder, or a programmer's. While a website builder comes pretty close to putting the brush back into the painter’s hand, it comes with limitations and odd intervals of annoying frustration. 

What I am proposing is to do something similar but with a far larger scope and no limitations. Many websites today are created using boxes inside boxes, boxes next to boxes, boxes inside boxes next to each other…and so on. The main idea is, on a purely structure model at the code level, moving stuff around is not a difficult concept. But, most people don’t have the time or simply do not want to learn all that. What if inside they could manipulate divs and images and links and applications with a mouse or touch screen? What if there was no need to have the concept of what a footer or header or sidebar is because they can just make a box with the option to stay to the right or left or move around or pretty much do anything? What if they could just choose from a dropdown menu to add a instant messaging system that they could modify using styles and functions that can be swapped out?

Now, let’s go beyond the website for a moment.What if the user asked the website to compile a mobile app for all platforms that contained connections to their website’s database and content that could maintain connections and chat capability? The idea that they could simply call a function through a button that grabbed their website content, injected it into mobile app source code, compile it, have the user pay money to upload it to a mobile app market and BAM! Mobile app factory… 

Just imagine your fullest interpretation of putting the paint brush back into the painter’s hand. The ability to make a mobile friendly website from a blank white page will all kinds of cool functionality that could be swapped in or out. Or the user can pick preset template rather than starting from scratch AND fully modify the templates. No to mention creating and uploading their own app to work on all platforms. Everything is flexible, and expandable and might be unlike anything out there today. This project aims to move forward to find out and see.